test(wallet)_: status-go integration tests (#5302)
status-im/status-go: integration-tests/README.MD

Reviewer: Really nice documentation.

## Overview

Integration tests for status-go

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [How to Install](#how-to-install)
- [How to Run](#how-to-run)
  - [Running Tests](#running-tests)
- [Implementation details](#implementation-details)

## How to Install

* Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
- Checkout all listed contract repositories into one folder: 
    - [Status Network Token V2](https://github.com/status-im/status-network-token-v2)
    - [Communities Contracts](https://github.com/status-im/communities-contracts?tab=readme-ov-file#installation-and-development)
* Add environment variable, path to contract repos e.g. `export PATH_TO_CONTRACT_REPOS=~/directory-with-every-contract-repo`
* Install [Python 3.10.14](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

> * In `integration-tests/tests` directory, run `pip install -r requirements.txt`

Reviewer 2: please commit the requirements file as it is not yet present

Author: thanks, it is present in `integration-tests`, a directory above, will change the readme

* **Optional (for test development)**: Use Python virtual environment for better dependency management. You can follow the guide [here](https://akrabat.com/creating-virtual-environments-with-pyenv/):

## How to Run

> - In `integration-tests/tests` run `docker compose up --build`, as result:

Reviewer: Do you think that there would be any value in explicitly telling the reader to navigate to `integration-tests/tests`?

Something like:

```suggestion
- Navigate to `integration-tests/tests`
- Run `docker compose up --build`, as result:
```
